additional cloud FAQs (#366)
EventStore/documentation: docs/cloud/faq/roadmap.md

### What is the ETA on the scheduled backup general availability?

The scheduled backup feature has been released in March 2021. Read more in [cloud backup documentation](../ops/scheduled_backups.md).

### Are there plans to be able get an audit log of access to the console?

> Yes it will be on the public [roadmap](https://www.eventstore.com/event-store-cloud) page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, we will present the details of the schedule on the public [roadmap](https://www.eventstore.com/event-store-cloud) page.
```
